# Luck of the Pot

CU Boulder Computer Science - Fall 2023 - User Centered Design and Development 1 - Course Project

Introduction: Potluck events are widely prevalent in numerous societies, serving as a popular way to commemorate various occasions, including holidays, religious gatherings, and welcome parties. After examining the challenges in potluck events, we recognize the need for a mobile application to serve as a platform, simplifying the organization of such events. In this project, we designed a prototype of a mobile app, called “Luck of the Pot”, that aids individuals in organizing potluck events. Attendees of the potluck event will have the capability to fulfill various tasks related to dish specifications and engage in communication using the application. Our main focus was to reflect the important features of the “Luck of the Pot”.

We attempted to follow the HCI design process to construct the prototype. We performed user research via interviews and surveys to support our idea. We performed these through different milestones and connected the gathered information to design the prototype. We iteratively evaluated our prototype through usability testing to construct the final version of the “Luck of the Pot” in Figma. Since we worked in different phases (milestones) to accomplish the prototyping, we investigated the connection between these segments. Our user research presented the development gaps in this domain and motivated us towards the design. We performed storyboarding several scenarios of the app to brainstorm on the design which helped us find difficulties beforehand. The most challenging part of the prototyping was the iterative evaluation, which successively improved our work and opened the avenue for future design.
